# bingo

This was assigned to me as a final project for my Client Side Programming class at NMU.

We had to make an app using Node.js (module socket.io) and storing some info in a Mongo database. I decided to make a bingo app. It consists of a login page, in which new users are added to the database. Next there's the home page, in which each client can purchase up to 5 bingo cards, each of them costs 20 virtual coins (amount of money also stored in the database) and they can start playing.

The server is in charge of approving the purchase of cards and next, when the game starts, generating random numbers. 

Once the game is going on, each client has some buttons that they can press to claim that they have a vertical line, four corners, postage stamp(4 numbers forming a square) or the whole card(bingo). The client will receive an amount of money once they press the button and their claim is correct. The game finishes once a client calls bingo, and the amount of money earned altogether with a victory is updated in the databse.

Extra features:
&nbsp;-Passwords are hashed using md5<br>
&nbsp;-The server uses https<br>
&nbsp;-Cards are autogenerated<br>
&nbsp;-There's a leaderboard page<br>

In my opinion the project is not fully working and there are some bugs, but this is as much as I was able to get dne in the amount of time I was given.

The files: index.html, main.css and client.js are saved in a pub folder, altogether with the jquery file.
You will also need to download node_modules, which contains socket.io.

For the https to work I had to get SSL keys, I used OpenSSL to generate the RSA key and a saved signed certificate. Also make sure to save the certificate and the private key in a different folder.
